README.md, before:

# Levi

<div style="display:flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; flex-direction:column;">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/BJZKLDR.jpg" width="90px" style="text-align: center;">
    <div>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/808991875934847026">
    </div>
</div>

Levi is a Discord bot equipped with OpenAI APIs like ChatGPT to provide you with assistance right within your own server using [discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/).

## Add to Server

[Add Levi to your server](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1123810664100671578&permissions=2048&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

## Commands

### Fun Commands ✨

- `/sarcasm` - Get a random sarcastic comment from Chandler Bing.

### Core Commands 📜

- `/help` - Lists all available commands.

### Mod Commands 🛡️

- `/clear` - Clears a specified number of messages.

### OpenAI Commands 🤖

- `/gpt` - Ask GPT any question (powered by [OpenAI](https://beta.openai.com/overview)).
- `/instruct-gpt` - Instruct GPT regarding a specific task to get more accurate results.

## Contributing

Read the [contribution guidelines](docs/contributing/contributing.md) for detailed information on how to contribute to Levi.

Commit message:

*What's new* - Now anyone can use the /gpt and /instruct-gpt using their own api token - Fix bug in /clear command - Minor bug fixes

README.md, after:

# Levi

<div style="display:flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; flex-direction:column;">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/BJZKLDR.jpg" width="90px" style="text-align: center;">
    <div>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/808991875934847026">
    </div>
</div>

Levi is a Discord bot equipped with OpenAI APIs like ChatGPT to provide you with assistance right within your own server using [discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/).

## Add to Server

[Add Levi to your server](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1123810664100671578&permissions=2048&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

## Commands

### Fun Commands ✨

- `/sarcasm` - Get a random sarcastic comment from Chandler Bing.

### Core Commands 📜

- `/help` - Lists all available commands.

### Mod Commands 🛡️

- `/clear` - Clears a specified number of messages.

### OpenAI Commands 🤖

- `/gpt` - Ask GPT any question (powered by [OpenAI](https://beta.openai.com/overview)).
- `/instruct-gpt` - Instruct GPT regarding a specific task to get more accurate results.
- `/register-token` - Regiter your open-ai api token for using chat gpt in discord.
- `/delete-gpt` - Remove your token from the bot.

Here's how to get your api token for using OpenAI APIs.

- Go to [OpenAI](https://beta.openai.com/overview) and create an account.
- Go to [this](https://beta.openai.com/account/api-keys) page and copy your api token.
- Use `/register-token` command to register your token with the bot.

## Contributing

Read the [contribution guidelines](docs/contributing/contributing.md) for detailed information on how to contribute to Levi.
